something that happens to you when you
leave this town far the way the easier
it all gets the me and I've left I
remember all of it
[Music]
[Applause]
to the losers we made an oath I swear if
it isn't dead if it ever comes back
we'll come back to you we didn't stop it
the cloud we can't let it happen again
hello
for 27 years
I dreamt of you
[Music]
I'll miss you
we need to finish it
time
it consumes us from the inside since we
don't have a choice see
[Music]
you
fear that mum put in your gardening here
now see I'm letting you know I'm going
away for a few days
[Music]
so should at least get your name of
something it is more
[Music]
the smart ones they take someone up
weeks feeding some that moon they will
just start off nice and slow
[Music]
not many people have a view like that
what you're doing up here it's kind of
inspiring
[Music]
you only live once
yeah and I know
hey by the way don't forget yourself
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm not able to do it
at all I'm exhausted
[Music]
I've wasted so much time doing nothing
I'm gonna get you up that movie
[Music]
juanita please don't leave can't do this
to me to figure it out
you can watch on your admission carry so
I'm kind of gonna bite right now and
dad's live-in nurse just quit
he was just wondering if like there is
any possibility that you could come over
and watch him
[Music]
you see he's terminal I'm not gonna burn
[Applause]
[Music]
everything is about what I do for work
okay see whatever you had to do to keep
that alive I don't judge you for it okay
how'd you get him outside better grill
you
[Music]
or just trying to build little bits of
the puzzle what do you remember about
the incident I like this one look at the
map what were you when it happened I
don't remember when you came around
did you see people yes what were they
doing they were dead we are an awful I
like you oh we both went through the
sooner we get back to a normal routine
the better
[Music]
Obert and Blackwell said he sent me
exactly where I needed to be into who I
needed to be with his sure mother dead
too
yes
I knew you were there and I know what
else was in that room
the goldfish before and after everything
is before and after in the middle is the
painting
that's life
Beefalo miracle after miracle it
survives there's something important I
have to tell you
until you is it lost
[Music]
even the tiniest things mean something
[Applause]
who took the pain
[Music]
Rockets forever
maybe sometimes good can come to a bit
[Music]
who's my thought she died
I would have given it back I swear
bran hook angle look knee hook
come here you could do the carousel to
switch and wrap
[Applause]
- 20 % 160 I just want to take care of
my grandma maybe go shopping every once
in a while when I was a kid I always
wanted to work with animals I was close
these Wall Street guys you see what we
did to this country I stole from
everybody hard-working people lost
everything and not one of these douche
bags went to jail
the game is rigged and it does not
reward people who play by the rules
it's like robbing a bank except you get
the keys are you in these are my
coworkers
what if somebody calls the cops and says
what I spent $5,000 at a strip club send
help we're family now
a family with money when would you say
that things got out of control
[Music]
so the guy went back three more times
because he must have liked it my neck
[Music]
we didn't do anything wrong you know
Tony won't let this happen I'm gonna
text it gave her her phone back by
definition any freaks who are running
loose are illegal but normals are
dangerous and we can't let them live
free
[Music]
Chloe hey so what could have seen you
smile a chance you have to stay hidden
they look just like us right
strong like your mom was you know my mom
[Music]
Thanks
please have enough what did you see yeah
[Music]
they took her away she's not dead yet is
out
we're coming out with a girl
look what you done
[Music]
well hi
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
why do people pack the way they do why
do people feel the way they do there's a
reason
according to Peter Lucien the silence is
full of sound depression anxiety fatigue
are triggered by the sonic details of
our homes yes you're Peter I'm Ellen I'm
always tired exhausted actually stick
out your tongue I can see things on your
tongue that can help me
kitchen he flap weird but kind of sexy
is he single
are you serious sound influence that's
the way that people connect with each
other they may not even know it Peter
God this probably sounds illustrate your
feelings continue yes may my feelings
continue maybe I could come by next week
[Music]
so did Peter turn your apartment Upper
East Side you flap toast your problem I
like to think I have better qualities
and that's described P hopely feel a
little more comfortable with me Biden of
course I'm just cautioning you not to
make it too personal we have to be
careful
[Music]
you must be the house tuner our clients
are fortune 500 creatures I'm offering
you an opportunity Peter you can do so
much with this urban design architecture
only products or big admirers with Peter
here they pick everything apart you
think my research is faulty think all
this is just too much it's not for me
it can be difficult to talk about
relationship problems what about you how
you trust yourself
[Music]
are all these connections there's
something deeper or sounds that guide
people through the city I mean they're
not conscious of it but it's there
I called you okay listen I do what I do
because of my dad
he gave his life through the pursuit of
knowledge
because up there is where our stories
can be told
[Music]
this is a top-secret psychological
evaluation please describe your current
emotional state and steady come ready to
do my job to the best of my abilities
[Music]
I will remain calm
I will remain focused
I look just like your dad there he was
the first man to the outer solar system
he was a pioneer but there was much more
to him than that
[Music]
please state your mission objective I'm
attempting to stop an uncontrolled
antimatter reaction that's threatens our
entire solar system we're approaching
Mars
[Music]
space can't believe my father's
responsible
we're doing big things up here real big
[Music]
what did he find out there in the abyss
the enemy up here
is not a person or a thing
it's the endless void
the world awaits our discovery my son
[Music]
no mage the Vallot new nanny even 1927
clear modern folk
[Music]
really
the king and queen are coming to Downton
what
[Music]
I want every surface to gleam and
sparkle
a royal luncheon a parade under dinner
I'm going to have to sit down how's it
all going Aires got it under control
hardly
I need your help Carson I'll be there in
the morning milady don't you worry
[Music]
[Applause]
so we really go on with it you mean
leave Danton
Downton Abbey's the heart of this
community and you're keeping it beating
[Music]
remember to pray for us I'll put in a
word
[Applause]
your Majesties welcome to Downton Abbey
do you have enough cliches to get you
through the visit if not I'll come to
you here we go
[Music]
you're dealing with an expert with guns
with knives with his bare hands Rambo
was the best I finally came home the
defending only family I've ever known
must really want this girl oh she's got
is me
she's coming home
[Music]
you started this
vintage
in there tear you apart
this is fashion night you need you spend
more time here with a family where are
you going be back before dinner
be careful out there no boy got a
covered by I just want to escape dad
always wanted me to travel the world
someday
[Music]
Oh who's the Yeti on my roof
hey boy or girl
yeah you're definitely a boy I don't
know where you came from
he escaped
I want my Yeti back is that your home
no way
[Music]
and we'll make sure you get home work to
your family ever just a kid yourself
this is you and your parents no you have
your mother's eyes there are people
looking for you you can do magic I wish
dad were here to see this yeah ma
Beijing is great Oh thing is uh thanks
fine
you're gaining on it
was this year dad smiling my dad used to
play for me every night like he was
telling me that no matter how hard the
journey gets never give up it's
beautiful you did that I did
when you assess remind on something
nothing is impossible
[Music]
I've got blueberries in places where
blueberries should never be sorry it's
so late miss Carla oh please
I'm Judy I'm very sorry but your suite
has been released
what do you mean release where exactly
is it going I know what kids need they
need their mother you can't have the
world's greatest entertainer out here
without a drink Frank Sinatra's here
Frank is great but he is no Judy garlic
aunt even get a manager London would
offer you a lot of money talk of the
town is desperate to do a deal with you
you're saying I have to leave my
children if I want to make enough money
to be with my children
Judy
have you seen Judy there's an audience
out there wait dear you sing my mouth
dry and it listen to me you'll be fine
what do you go what room service
I didn't order anything peasant man
under there charlie surprise
the kids miss you and they also want to
stay put and coming back for her you're
not listening I have someone I can rely
on you so what you have to be home for
your mommy to put you to bed are you
going to be all right if I can't do it
again you need to take better care of
yourself
you understand everybody has their
trouble and I've had mine I just want
what everybody wants I seem to have a
harder time getting it
do you take anything for depression for
husband didn't work
[Music]
[Applause]
you want
[Music]
you